Docs: Components cleanup (#5987)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-memories.md

|-----------------|-------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| message_history | BaseChatMessageHistory  | An instance of CassandraChatMessageHistory for the session.  |

## Mem0 Chat Memory

The Mem0 Chat Memory component retrieves and stores chat messages using Mem0 memory storage.

### Inputs

| Name | Display Name | Info |
|------|--------------|------|
| mem0_config | Mem0 Configuration | Configuration dictionary for initializing Mem0 memory instance. |
| ingest_message | Message to Ingest | The message content to be ingested into Mem0 memory. |
| existing_memory | Existing Memory Instance | Optional existing Mem0 memory instance. |
| user_id | User ID | Identifier for the user associated with the messages. |
| search_query | Search Query | Input text for searching related memories in Mem0. |
| mem0_api_key | Mem0 API Key | API key for Mem0 platform (leave empty to use the local version). |
| metadata | Metadata | Additional metadata to associate with the ingested message. |

> | openai_api_key | OpenAI API Key | API key for OpenAI (required if using OpenAI embeddings without a provided configuration). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| openai_api_key | OpenAI API Key | API key for OpenAI. This item is required if you use OpenAI embeddings without a provided configuration. |
```
